en,zh: optmize doc about deploy tidb cluster across kubernetes (#1657)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-tidb-cluster-across-multiple-kubernetes.md

## Upgrade TiDB Cluster

For a TiDB cluster deployed across Kubernetes clusters, to perform a rolling upgrade for each component Pod of the TiDB cluster, take the following steps in sequence to modify the `version` configuration of each component in the TidbCluster spec for each Kubernetes cluster.

1. Upgrade PD versions for all Kubernetes clusters.

> 

Author: Done

    4. Upgrade TiDM versions for all Kubernetes clusters.
    5. If TiCDC is deployed in clusters, upgrade the TiCDC versions for all the Kubernetes clusters that have TiCDC deployed.

## Exit and reclaim TidbCluster that already join a cross-Kubernetes cluster

When you need to make a cluster exit from the joined TiDB cluster deployed across Kubernetes and reclaim resources, you can perform the operation by scaling in the cluster. In this scenario, the following requirements of scaling-in need to be met.

- After scaling in the cluster, the number of TiKV replicas in the cluster should be greater than the number of `max-replicas` set in PD. By default, the number of TiKV replicas needs to be greater than three.

> Take the TidbCluster #2 created in [the last section](#step-2-deploy-the-new-tidbcluster-to-join-the-tidb-cluster) as an example. First, set the number of replicas of PD, TiKV, and TiDB to `0`. If you enable other components such as TiFlash, TiCDC, and Pump, set the number of these replicas to `0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the second TidbCluster created in [the last section](#step-2-deploy-the-new-tidbcluster-to-join-the-tidb-cluster) as an example. First, set the number of replicas of PD, TiKV, and TiDB to `0`. If you have enabled other components such as TiFlash, TiCDC, and Pump, set the number of these replicas to `0`:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```bash
kubectl patch tc ${tc_name_2} -n ${namespace_2} --type merge -p '{"spec":{"pd":{"replicas":0},"tikv":{"replicas":0},"tidb":{"replicas":0}}}'
```

Wait for the status of cluster #2 to become `Ready`, and scale in related components to `0` replica:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```bash
kubectl get pods -l app.kubernetes.io/instance=${tc_name_2} -n ${namespace_2}
```

> The Pod list shows `No resources found`. At this time, Pods have all been scaled in, and cluster #2 exits the cluster. Check the cluster status of cluster #2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pod list shows `No resources found`. At this time, all Pods have been scaled in, and the second TidbCluster exits the cluster. Check the cluster status of the second TidbCluster:
```

>
> Currently, this is an experimental feature and might cause data loss. Please use it carefully.

A cluster with existing data refer to a deployed TiDB cluster with the configuration `spec.acrossK8s: false`.

Depending on the network between multiple Kubernetes clusters, there are different methods.

> If all Kubernetes have same Cluster Domain, just need to update the `spec.crossK8s` configuration of TidbCluster. Run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all Kubernetes have the same Cluster Domain, you only need to update the `spec.crossK8s` configuration of TidbCluster. Run the following command:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```bash
kubectl patch tidbcluster cluster1 --type merge -p '{"spec":{"acrossK8s": true}}'
```

> After completing the modification, wait for TiDB cluster to complete rolling upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the modification, wait for the TiDB cluster to complete rolling update.
```

> If each Kubernetes have different Cluster Domain, need to update the `spec.clusterDomain` and `spec.acrossK8s` fields. Take the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If each Kubernetes have different Cluster Domain, you need to update the `spec.clusterDomain` and `spec.acrossK8s` fields. Take the following steps:
```
